There are still 10 seconds left until the end of the Tianbang mission
Humph our Sihai Group
Weijian Qinzhou
Not as easy to talk as the head of the Sima family
This thousand to compensate
We're going to order
Yeah, we're set.
Well, the Four Seas Group mission has been cancelled.
10 times the compensation has arrived.
What? That's impossible.
What the hell is going on here?
Even Sihai Group took the initiative to cancel the mission
Hmph, you Changfeng Group and Sihai Group
What a bone
This filthy fat
I will not let go of the World Chamber of Commerce
The task of the World Chamber of Commerce has been cancelled
10 times compensation received
How is this possible?
Guo's Firm's mission has been cancelled.
Our Guo family has also cancelled.
The Qingxu Haihui mission has been cancelled
Ten times the compensation has arrived.
Our mission has also been cancelled
How could this be?
Eight families
Seven families took the initiative to cancel our mission
In accordance with regulations
It is to compensate Cangxue Group 10 times the amount.
Who has this strength?
It can make collective concessions from the eight major families in Qinzhou
Is it really him?
How is that possible?
Even if he wasn't stupid, he couldn't do it
Besides, not all eight families gave in
Don't forget the Qiangzhen Group
Hum a bunch of trash